=Table of Contents=
 * [#Example Example]
 * [#Server_Side_Events Server Side Events]
 * [#Page_Load Page Load]
 * [#Event_Handling Event Handling]
 * [#Interaction_Helpers Interaction Helpers]
 * [#Event_Helpers Event Helpers]

==Example==
{{{
pq('form')->bind('submit', 'submitHandler')->trigger('submit')->...
function submitHandler($e) {
  print 'Target: '.$e->target->tagName;
  print 'Bubbling ? '.$e->currentTarget->tagName;
}
}}}

==Server Side Events==
phpQuery support *server-side* events, same as jQuery handle client-side ones. On server there isn't, of course, events such as _mouseover_ (but they can be triggered).

By default, phpQuery automatically fires up only *change* event for form elements. If you load WebBrowser plugin, *submit* and *click* will be handled properly - eg submitting form with inputs' data to action URL via new [http://code.google.com/p/phpquery/wiki/Ajax Ajax] request.

$this (`this` in JS) context for handler scope *isn't available*. You have to use one of following manually:
 * $event->*target*
 * $event->*currentTarget*
 * $event->*relatedTarget*

==Page Load==
_none_

==Event Handling==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/bind bind]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/bind ($type, $data, $fn)] Binds a handler to one or more events (like click) for each matched element. Can also bind custom events.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/one one]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/one ($type, $data, $fn)] Binds a handler to one or more events to be executed once for each matched element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/trigger trigger]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/trigger ($type , $data )] Trigger a type of event on every matched element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/triggerHandler triggerHandler]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/triggerHandler ($type , $data )] This particular method triggers all bound event handlers on an element (for a specific event type) WITHOUT executing the browsers default actions.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/unbind unbind]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/unbind ($type , $data )] This does the opposite of bind, it removes bound events from each of the matched elements.

==Interaction Helpers==
_none_

==Event Helpers==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/change change]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/change ()] Triggers the change event of each matched element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/change change]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/change ($fn)] Binds a function to the change event of each matched element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/submit submit]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/submit ()] Trigger the submit event of each matched element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/submit submit]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Events/submit ($fn)] Bind a function to the submit event of each matched element.

Read more at [http://docs.jquery.com/Events Events] section on [http://docs.jquery.com/ jQuery Documentation Site].