Selectors are the heart of jQuery-like interface. Most of [http://www.w3.org/TR/2005/WD-css3-selectors-20051215/ CSS Level 3] syntax is implemented (in state same as in jQuery).
==Example==
{{{
pq(".class ul > li[rel='foo']:first:has(a)")->appendTo('.append-target-wrapper div')->...
}}}
=Table of Contents=
 * [#Basics Basics]
 * [#Hierarchy Hierarchy]
 * [#Basic_Filters Basic Filters]
 * [#Content_Filters Content Filters]
 * [#Visibility_Filters Visibility Filters]
 * [#Attribute_Filters Attribute Filters]
 * [#Child_Filters Child Filters]
 * [#Forms Forms]
 * [#Form_Filters Form Filters]
==Basics==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/id #id]* Matches a single element with the given id attribute.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/element element]* Matches all elements with the given name.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/class .class]* Matches all elements with the given class.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/all *]* Matches all elements.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/multiple selector1, selector2, selectorN]* Matches the combined results of all the specified selectors.
==Hierarchy==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/descendant ancestor descendant]* Matches all descendant elements specified by "descendant" of elements specified by "ancestor".
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/child parent > child]* Matches all child elements specified by "child" of elements specified by "parent".
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/next prev + next]* Matches all next elements specified by "next" that are next to elements specified by "prev".
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/siblings prev ~ siblings]* Matches all sibling elements after the "prev" element that match the filtering "siblings" selector.
==Basic Filters==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/first :first]* Matches the first selected element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/last :last]* Matches the last selected element.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/not :not(selector)]* Filters out all elements matching the given selector.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/even :even]* Matches even elements, zero-indexed.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/odd :odd]* Matches odd elements, zero-indexed.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/eq :eq(index)]* Matches a single element by its index.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/gt :gt(index)]* Matches all elements with an index above the given one.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/lt :lt(index)]* Matches all elements with an index below the given one.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/header :header]* Matches all elements that are headers, like h1, h2, h3 and so on.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/animated :animated]* Matches all elements that are currently being animated.
==Content Filters==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/contains :contains(text)]* Matches elements which contain the given text.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/empty :empty]* Matches all elements that have no children (including text nodes).
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/has :has(selector)]* Matches elements which contain at least one element that matches the specified selector.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/parent :parent]* Matches all elements that are parents - they have child elements, including text.
==Visibility Filters==
_none_
==Attribute Filters==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeHas [attribute]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeEquals [attribute=value]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute with a certain value.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeNotEqual [attribute!=value]]* Matches elements that don't have the specified attribute with a certain value.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeStartsWith [attribute^=value]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute and it starts with a certain value.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeEndsWith [attribute$=value]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute and it ends with a certain value.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeContains [attribute*=value]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute and it contains a certain value.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/attributeMultiple [selector1][selector2][selectorN]]* Matches elements that have the specified attribute and it contains a certain value.
==Child Filters==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/nthChild :nth-child(index/even/odd/equation)]* Matches all elements that are the nth-child of their parent or that are the parent's even or odd children.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/firstChild :first-child]* Matches all elements that are the first child of their parent.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/lastChild :last-child]* Matches all elements that are the last child of their parent.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/onlyChild :only-child]* Matches all elements that are the only child of their parent.
==Forms==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/input :input]* Matches all input, textarea, select and button elements.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/text :text]* Matches all input elements of type text.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/password :password]* Matches all input elements of type password.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/radio :radio]* Matches all input elements of type radio.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/checkbox :checkbox]* Matches all input elements of type checkbox.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/submit :submit]* Matches all input elements of type submit.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/image :image]* Matches all input elements of type image.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/reset :reset]* Matches all input elements of type reset.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/button :button]* Matches all button elements and input elements of type button.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/file :file]* Matches all input elements of type file.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/hidden :hidden]* Matches all elements that are hidden, or input elements of type "hidden".
==Form Filters==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/enabled :enabled]* Matches all elements that are enabled.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/disabled :disabled]* Matches all elements that are disabled.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/checked :checked]* Matches all elements that are checked.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors/selected :selected]* Matches all elements that are selected.

Read more at [http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors Selectors] section on [http://docs.jquery.com/ jQuery Documentation Site].