=Table of Contents=
 * [#User_Agent User Agent]
 * [#Array_and_Object_operations Array and Object operations]
 * [#Test_operations Test operations]
 * [#String_operations String operations]
==User Agent==
_none_
==Array and Object operations==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.each phpQuery::each]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.each ($object, $callback)] A generic iterator function, which can be used to seamlessly iterate over both objects and arrays.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.grep phpQuery::grep]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.grep ($array, $callback, $invert)] Filter items out of an array, by using a filter function.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.makeArray phpQuery::makeArray]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.makeArray ($obj)] Turns an array-like object into a true array.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.map phpQuery::map]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.map ($array, $callback)] Translate all items in an array to another array of items.
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.inArray phpQuery::inArray]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.inArray ($value, $array)] Determine the index of the first parameter in the Array (-1 if not found).
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.unique phpQuery::unique]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.unique ($array)] Remove all duplicate elements from an array of elements.
==Test operations==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.isFunction phpQuery::isFunction]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.isFunction ($obj)] Determine if the parameter passed is a function.
==String operations==
 * *[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.trim phpQuery::trim]*[http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities/jQuery.trim ($str)] Remove the whitespace from the beginning and end of a string.

Read more at [http://docs.jquery.com/Utilities Utilities] section on [http://docs.jquery.com/ jQuery Documentation Site].